to install the simple mouth TV hanger
first locate the four VESA mounts on the
back of your TV
hand screw bumpers into the bottom two
vests amounts
attach the TV bracket using appropriate
bolt with a handheld Phillips
screwdriver do not use a power drill to
attach these screws with help find the
desired location for the TV and mark the
wall near the center of the bracket
using a stud finder locate and Mark
studs with included level mark both in
holes using the wall bracket drill ITW
tagalog anchors into the end hole marks
on the wall
align the bracket with the anchors and
install provided screws install screws
into all studs insert the safety cable
into the TV bracket and hang the TV once
desired TV position is achieved mark the
wall where the security cable eyelet
hangs if marking lines with a stud
install a stud screw not remove TV and
install a toggle lock anchor were
previously marked
we hang your TV and attach the safety
cable to the toggle log anchor using a
Phillips head screwdriver
now your TV is tightly secured to the
wall while still allowing you easy
access to TV outlet
you